Hey, everybody.
Welcome back to Boost Your Income
with Bootstrap to WordPress.
This lecture is called Installing Your
"Underscores" WordPress Theme.
[MUSIC]
All right guys.
I got another easy lecture for you here.
Basically we're going to
install our underscores theme.
Remember we created and downloaded our
Bootstrap to WordPress underscores theme
using the underscores skeleton theme
creator a couple lectures back?
Well here is the Bootstrap to WordPress
zip file that I was provided,
I downloaded, here it is.
Basically go ahead and unzip that.
Get rid of that zip file, here it is.
Here's the folder and inside that folder.
Basically you're going to have the theme
files for Bootstrap to Word Press.
So you can see here, a bunch of files,
a bunch of basic kind of skeleton
files that we are provided.
Here are basically the starter files
you'll need to create a WordPress theme.
And that's what's so great about
Underscorers is they give you all those
files so you don't have to worry if you
forgot the comments sub PHP file or
functions.PHP, index.PHP,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
It's all kind of here for you start with.
That's why underscores are so
great, because it gets you up and
running with WordPress even faster.
We're all about going faster and
more efficient here.
Because if you had to do this all by hand,
it'd take you forever.
You'd waste a whole bunch of time.
You'd loose all your hair, and
you wouldn't make very much money.
So, WordPress saves you time,
while Bootstrap saves you time.
WordPress saves you time,
underscore saves you even more time.
Awesome.
All we need to do now is very simple.
There's a couple things
we could do actually.
You can install your theme two
different ways with WordPress.
You can do it in the dashboard.
So if I login here, I can go to appearance
right here in the side bar,
and I can add a new theme.
And then you go ahead and
hit upload theme,
and then you can take that zip file and
add it right here, and then install.
That's one way of doing it.
The other way is putting the theme
directly in your source code, or
your source directory, so here's
the bootstrap to WordPress WordPress site.
If I were to go to Content, Themes.
Right here are the themes that
are built into WordPress by default.
2012, 13, 14.
it's just their default WordPress themes,
but I want this one in there as well.
Take that, drag it in there.
Boom.
Now the theme is available for
us to activate.
Go back to your dashboard,
refresh your themes.
And you will bootstrap to
WordPress is there for
you to activate, so,
why don't we go ahead and activate that?
Here we go.
So now the theme is activated.
If we check it out, obviously
the theme is not gonna look very good.
It's just a plain skeleton theme,
but this is what we need to start.
And that's it.
That's it for this lecture.
I'll see you in the next lecture where
we're going to be going even further and
hooking in some more important
information into our header and
footer and
getting everything up and running.
See you in the next lecture.
[MUSIC]